feat: learn english block 6.2 (#52539)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-share-your-progress-in-weekly-stand-up-meetings/6579de040244fb274179f001.md

---
id: 6579de040244fb274179f001
title: Task 40
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-40
audioPath: curriculum/js-music-player/We-Are-Going-to-Make-it.mp3
---

<!--
AUDIO REFERENCE: 
Bob: "Just _ the code with me, and I'll _ in."
-->

# --description--

'Dive in' is an idiomatic expression meaning to start something enthusiastically or intensively. In this context, Bob uses 'dive in' to indicate his readiness to thoroughly examine the code. It's often used to convey eagerness to begin a task or activity. For example, 'I can't wait to dive into this new project' shows excitement about starting work on a project.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Bob: "Just _ the code with me, and I'll _ in."`

## --blanks--

`share`

### --feedback--

> To 'share' means to give someone access to something, here referring to the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To `share` means to give someone access to something, here referring to the code.
```

---

`dive`

### --feedback--

> 'Dive in' suggests starting something with enthusiasm, indicating Bob’s readiness to examine the code closely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Dive in` suggests starting something with enthusiasm, indicating Bob’s readiness to examine the code closely.
```
